# My first

Well, there you have it: my first blog post. Doing this has been on my mind for a while now. I have so many things I want to do, but tend to procrastinate everything. Time has been a commonly used excuse, but it is never really a good one. Though, having a girlfriend for over five years now (not living together, yet), being a fitnesser and an avid gamer and having the occasional drink with friends doesn't leave much room for anything else. 

Since I recently started working in Brussels as an iOS consultant, I find myself everyday on the train for 40 minutes in the morning and 40 again in the evening. This looks like the perfect time to just start writing stuff down. There is barely internet on the train, so what else is there to do. But even then I find myself thinking, "I'll do it this evening or tomorrow". 

# Setup

Anyways, I am finally writing something down for the first time. I am doing this using the [Byword](https://appsto.re/be/bq7UC.i) app for iOS. It is a nice note taking app that synchronises to iCloud, Dropbox or just locally to your device. Apart from that it supports markdown in a nice user friendly way.

At the time of writing this, I actually don't even have my blog up and running yet. The only thing I have right now is this default landing page generated by [Nanoc](http://nanoc.ws). I am planning on using Nanoc to generate my static web pages which will be stored on [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com). I have read some nice things about it and my collegue [Tom](https://twitter.com/inferis) also recently migrated his blog to it. Another nice thing about it is that I get to learn Ruby a bit more while configuring my blog. 

But why static? When going for static web pages you get rid of the need for a server that parses, for example, PHP an generates HTML pages every single time a user visits a page. There are products out there that enable you to cache your pages, but it's easier to just deliver the website ...... Because you don't need to parse anything, you get speed improvents because you just deliver your pages and you could in theory use any storage service. 